[Freshness] PSScriptAnalyzer - AvoidAssignmentToAutomaticVariable (#397)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs-Modules: reference/docs-conceptual/PSScriptAnalyzer/Rules/AvoidAssignmentToAutomaticVariable.md

## Description

PowerShell automatic variables are built-in variables that store runtime and execution state.
Several automatic variables are read-only, and PowerShell throws an error if you try to assign a

> value to them. Assign other automatic variables only in advanced, intentional scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PowerShell defines a set of automatic variables that store state information for and are created
and maintained by PowerShell. Even though you _can_ override many automatic variables, doing so can
have unexpected effects for users.

Assign automatic variables only in advanced, intentional scenarios.
```

This rule helps you avoid conflicts with automatic variable names, which reduces hard-to-diagnose
bugs and keeps function behavior predictable.

Use variable names in functions or their parameters that don't conflict with automatic variables.

> To learn more about automatic variables, see `Get-Help about_Automatic_Variables`.

Reviewer: Here we should just link to that article, like

```suggestion
To learn more about automatic variables, see [about_Automatic_Variables][01].
```

And then define the `[01]` link reference at the bottom of the document under a comment, like:

```markdown
<!-- Link reference definitions -->
[01]: /powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_automatic_variables
```
